well it's time the duty in Djibouti is
time for duty in Djibouti it's time for
duty in Djibouti
welcome to this edition of duty in
Djibouti I'm tech sergeant John LeDoux
Kentucky Army National Guardsmen are
sharing best practices with a Comorian
military tech sergeant Shelley branch
takes us to Moroni Comoros where the two
militaries are working together
Kentucky Army National Guardsmen
assigned to Combined Joint Task Force
Horn of Africa shared best practices in
basic first aid combat lifesaver in CPR
with the Comorian military in Moroni
Comoros all right with CPR the first
thing we want to do is we talk about the
three C's well we're in the Comoros
we're trying to build a sense of
partnership with the kamorin military
and also to help promote prosperity
within the region and security
throughout the region here in the
Comoros as well as throughout the
African continent come up keep your arms
locked out members of the kamorin Coast
Guard and military participated in the
engagement
some of them expect to deploy in the
near future and valued the partnership
they have the previous military summer
personnel who may be deployed for their
mission who is going right now in Mali
to assist their Malian army to push out
those terrorists and their tupa medical
training will not only help the Comorian
military with valuable combat lifesaver
skills but will also strengthen the bond
between the u.s. and the Camorra it's a
good thing to have you here and then we
we hope to have more of this kind of
exchange
in the future for Combined Joint Task
Force Horn of Africa affairs I'm tech
sergeant Shelley branch
alright service members from Combined
Joint Task Force Horn of Africa are
helping to shed a little light on locals
in Djibouti petty officer Cody Boyd has
the story
Army reservists from the 448 Civil
Affairs battalion from Fort Lewis
Washington are bringing light to
Djibouti the team is working with the
Djiboutian City Rotary Club and the US
Embassy to implement the leader of light
project where you take a bottle of water
two capfuls of bleach put it in some
tins seal it up and put it in a roof and
a Sun comes in the top the facts out the
bottom and is the equivalent of a 55
watt light bulb the CA team brought the
Rotary Club and embassy together in
order to fund the project and train
local jubu Shinzon how to build the
light kits so that's what we're looking
for initially is the funding from
embassy through the Rotary Club to be
able to you know build the 3000 and
install the 3000 and then from there you
know hopefully we can get more funding
to do the rest of Bal Bala captain Vance
has since received funding for the
leader of light project and is excited
about the way ahead it's amazing when
you're deployed and you actually are
doing something that can have an impact
on people's lives long after you leave
you know it's one thing to do something
one day and that's it but when you can
do something that lasts for a long time
and it's sustainable and keeps going
long after you're gone and then that's
the whole goal of what we're trying to
do the tools and supplies for building
the light kits will be purchased from
Djiboutian vendors and the CA team will
train the villagers on how to build the
kits so they can then train each other
helping bring stability and a little bit
of light to Djibouti for Combined Joint
Task Force Horn of Africa public affairs
I'm Petty Officer Cody Boyd and now
photos from the Horn
courtesy of Staff Sergeant Devon Bosque
Navy explosive ordnance technicians
recently worked with members of the
Kenyan army during a humanitarian mine
action train-the-trainer engagement in
Nairobi Kenya the training helps develop
the Kenyan military zod program which
supports CTF hos mission of
strengthening the institutional
capabilities of East African partner
nation
militaries now service members from
around the camp have messages for family
and friends back home hi my name is Juan
Perez
I'm deployed here in Djibouti I'm from
bone support Rico I want say hi to
anybody there
friends family love my son and dress and
my wife Demery Thanks
hey everyone I'm heading out first class
Darrin Glover
hey I'm deployer here to calumniate
Djibouti Africa having a great day
having the department I just want to say
hello to everyone thanks for the gifts
the love the warmth the wishes and all
those things
hey I'll be home soon y'all take it easy
hi my name is Michael Hallis I'm a first
lieutenant with two of the 138 FSC
deployed here to Djibouti and I just
want to give a shout out to my friends
and family back home in Kentucky
hi guys hi this is chief petty officer
robear from Brooklyn New York I just
want to say hi to my friends and family
Mitsy guys and that's it that's it for
this edition of duty in Djibouti for
Combined Joint Task Force Horn of Africa
public affairs I'm tech sergeant John
LeDoux